what is up everybody is smoke gamertag
here and in today's video I'm gonna be
showing you guys or telling you guys how
to download GTA 5 the four releases on
April 14th now this game releases in 7
days I'm super excited I don't know if
I'm gonna be getting it exactly on April
14th but I will be getting it for sure
now first off this video or this picture
that I just put up on the screen was
released by Rockstar support so it is
100% legit and basically it says that
they will release a link today that you
can preload GTA 5 before it releases so
when they do fully release the game you
can just play and you don't have to
download it now the reason that you
would want to do this is I'm also gonna
put the specs up on the screen right now
if you guys look and read through the
specs on the bottom it says HDD space
required 65 gigabytes so this download
is super big if you guys remember when
we got GTA 5 for Xbox one and
PlayStation 4 how long that download
took I think it was like 50 gigabytes
think about 15 more gigabytes of space
more than that so it took me about an
hour and a half two hours to get GTA 5
on my xbox one and my computer's pretty
fast my Internet's pretty fast and
everything so I'm just thinking like
hour 2 hours or depending on your
computer speed it might take you 4 or 5
hours and it just really depends I know
for a lot of my friends it was taking
them a super a long time so if you guys
want to pre download it it'll download
it on your computer only thing is you
can't play it until April 14th of course
and this download link drops today I'm
making this video it's about 1 o'clock
a.m. Eastern Standard Time right now
I've already checked the website and
it's not up once they do put it up I
will drop it down in the link in the
description below so you guys can go out
and buy it and download it tonight other
than that guys that's really about it I
want to thank you guys for stopping by
if you guys don't know GTA 5 for PC
comes out April 14th
once again the specs up are up on the
screen if you guys need to update
anything and you guys need to get
anything I would definitely go to
Rockstar and ask them first they
definitely have all the answers for you
the specs I cannot answer for you
because I am NOT a computer person I
know a little bit but
it would just be better to ask Rockstar
or just tweet them tweet at Rockstar
Games calm or at Rockstar game support
I'll leave their Twitter and everything
in the links in the description below
you guys can check it out other than
that guys that's really about it
I'm gonna thank you guys for stopping by
a little later there's gonna be another
a new LCPD FR video I just got that
reinstalled but other than that guys
that's really about it I wanna thank you
guys for stopping by once again my name
is Tom gamertag and I'm out peace